Is your work going well recently?
The new design has been completed
Sweet
I hired the new Ding Lou to help them shoot the advertisement
I just don't know if I can get to the top
Master help me shoot
I know it's not good every time you come to me
But we are friends.
My friend has a knife in both sides
obligatory
Do you want to watch a video and eat a melon?
This is sweet.
Sister, although Brother Rong Zhi did not come
But he has 999 black tulips for you.
You are the woman he loves the most in his life
He will never fall in love with anyone else again
Sister, they all say we look alike
They're like twins.
Even Brother Rongzhi told me
When you're with me
Always think of me as you
Sister, let me replace you in the future
Complete all your beliefs
This is Tiantian hosting a mundane event for his sister
Even the dress he's wearing
Also his sister sweet
It was worn at the last birthday party
This old guard his skirt
It was specially customized for him by Aggie
What is the situation of sweet disappearance?
A week before Sweet and Ah Zhi got married
They went on a sea trip together
But was assassinated
Azhi was rescued
The sweetness is gone
Later, my dad even looked at it and checked it out.
Didn't check anything
It seems that the CEO likes this woman very much.
In fact, Tiantian also liked Ah Zhi back then
But because sweetness is in their top secret
Maybe he held such a memorial party
Is it equivalent to publicly challenging Shen Wanci?
Although in Ah Zhi's heart, sweetness is sweeter than sweetness
But he's more scheming than sweet
Maybe he will succeed in the end
If I let this sweet touch my child
That end should be worse than following Shen Wanzi
Can you forward this video to me?
I don't care if Tiantian can be the president's wife or not
But this director, I'm in the local area.